[Merged by Bors] - 0.8 Migration guide (#389)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/learn/book/migration-guides/0.7-0.8/_index.md

### [Improve docs and naming for RawWindowHandle functionality](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4335)

rename `HasRawWindowHandleWrapper` to `ThreadLockedRawWindowHandleWrapper`

### [Migrate to encase from crevice](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4339)

#### StorageBuffer

* removed set_body(), values(), values_mut(), clear(), push(), append()
* added set(), get(), get_mut()

#### UniformVec -> UniformBuffer

* renamed uniform_buffer() to buffer()
* removed len(), is_empty(), capacity(), push(), reserve(), clear(), values()
* added set(), get()

#### DynamicUniformVec -> DynamicUniformBuffer

* renamed uniform_buffer() to buffer()
* removed capacity(), reserve()

### [Make paused timers update just_finished on tick](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4445)

`Timer::times_finished has` been renamed to `Timer::times_finished_this_tick` for clarity.

### [Change default Image FilterMode to Linear](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4465)

```rs
// 0.7

//TODO

// 0.8

// TODO
```

### [Remove .system()](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4499)

> You can no longer use `.system()`. It was deprecated in 0.7.0. You can just remove the method call.

Reviewer: Should mention assert_is_system for tests.

### [Camera Driven Viewports](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4898)

`Camera::projection_matrix` is no longer a public field. Use the new `Camera::projection_matrix()` method instead:

```rust

// 0.7
let projection = camera.projection_matrix;

// 0.8
let projection = camera.projection_matrix();
```

### [diagnostics: meaningful error when graph node has wrong number of inputs](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4924)

Exhaustive matches on `RenderGraphRunnerError` will need to add a branch to handle the new `MismatchedInputCount` variant.

### [Make Reflect safe to implement](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5010)

* Reflect derives should not have to change anything
* Manual reflect impls will need to remove the `unsafe` keyword, add `any()` implementations, and rename the old `any` and `any_mut` to `as_any` and `as_mut_any`.
* Calls to `any`/`any_mut` must be changed to `as_any`/`as_mut_any`

### [Mark mutable APIs under ECS storage as pub(crate)](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5065)

> <!-- TODO not sure what to say here -->

Reviewer: If any user cared, they should file an issue explaining what on earth they were doing.

This is a very complicated change and it is recommended to read the linked PRs for more details

```rust
// old 3d perspective camera
commands.spawn_bundle(PerspectiveCameraBundle::default())

// new 3d perspective camera
commands.spawn_bundle(Camera3dBundle::default())
```

```rust
// old 2d orthographic camera
commands.spawn_bundle(OrthographicCameraBundle::new_2d())

// new 2d orthographic camera
commands.spawn_bundle(Camera2dBundle::default())
```

```rust
// old 3d orthographic camera
commands.spawn_bundle(OrthographicCameraBundle::new_3d())

// new 3d orthographic camera
commands.spawn_bundle(Camera3dBundle {
    projection: OrthographicProjection {
        scale: 3.0,
        scaling_mode: ScalingMode::FixedVertical,
        ..default()
    }.into(),
    ..default()
})
```

UI no longer requires a dedicated camera. `UiCameraBundle` has been removed. `Camera2dBundle` and `Camera3dBundle` now both default to rendering UI as part of their own render graphs. To disable UI rendering for a camera, disable it using the CameraUi component:

```rust
commands
    .spawn_bundle(Camera3dBundle::default())
    .insert(CameraUi {
        is_enabled: false,
        ..default()
    })

> ```

Reviewer 2: This needs to be updated

https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5234

### [Camera Driven Viewports](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4898)

`Camera::projection_matrix` is no longer a public field. Use the new `Camera::projection_matrix()` method instead:

```rust

// 0.7
let projection = camera.projection_matrix;

// 0.8
let projection = camera.projection_matrix();
```

### [diagnostics: meaningful error when graph node has wrong number of inputs](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4924)

Exhaustive matches on `RenderGraphRunnerError` will need to add a branch to handle the new `MismatchedInputCount` variant.

### [Make Reflect safe to implement](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5010)

* Reflect derives should not have to change anything
* Manual reflect impls will need to remove the `unsafe` keyword, add `any()` implementations, and rename the old `any` and `any_mut` to `as_any` and `as_mut_any`.
* Calls to `any`/`any_mut` must be changed to `as_any`/`as_mut_any`

### [Mark mutable APIs under ECS storage as pub(crate)](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5065)

<!-- Dear God, I hope not. -->

> If you experienced any problems caused by this change, please [create an issue](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/issues) explaining _in details_ what you were doing with those apis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experienced any problems caused by this change, please [create an issue](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/issues) explaining _in detail_ what you were doing with those apis.
```

        }
        Vec2::ZERO
    });
    commands.spawn().insert(task);
}

// 0.8
#[derive(Component)]
struct ComputeVec2(Task<Vec2>);

fn system(mut commands: Commands) {
    let task = thread_pool.spawn(async move {
        let start_time = Instant::now();
        while Instant::now() - start_time < Duration::from_secs_f32(5.0) {
            // Spinning for 'duration', simulating doing hard
        }
        Vec2::ZERO
    });
    commands.spawn().insert(ComputeVec2(task))
}
```

### [Split time functionality into bevy_time](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4187)

* Time related types (e.g. `Time`, `Timer`, `Stopwatch`, `FixedTimestep`, etc.) should be imported from `bevy::time::*` rather than `bevy::core::*`.
* If you were adding `CorePlugin` manually, you'll also want to add `TimePlugin` from `bevy::time`.
* The `bevy::core::CorePlugin::Time` system label is replaced with `bevy::time::TimeSystem`.

### [Move float_ord from bevy_core to bevy_utils](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4189)

Replace imports of `bevy::core::FloatOrd` with `bevy::utils::FloatOrd`.

### [Move Rect to bevy_ui and rename it to UiRect](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4276)

> The `Rect` type got renamed to `UiRect`. To migrate you just have to change every occurrence of `Rect` to `UiRect`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Rect` type has been renamed to `UiRect`.
```

### [Rename ElementState to ButtonState](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4314)

> The `ElementState` type received a rename and is now called `ButtonState`. To migrate you just have to change every occurrence of `ElementState` to `ButtonState`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ElementState` type has been renamed to `ButtonState`.
```

### [Improve docs and naming for RawWindowHandle functionality](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4335)

> rename `HasRawWindowHandleWrapper` to `ThreadLockedRawWindowHandleWrapper`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renamed `HasRawWindowHandleWrapper` to `ThreadLockedRawWindowHandleWrapper`.
```

> ### [Migrate to encase from crevice](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4339)

Reviewer: `code_blocks` are missing for methods here.

#### StorageBuffer

* removed set_body(), values(), values_mut(), clear(), push(), append()
* added set(), get(), get_mut()

#### UniformVec -> UniformBuffer

* renamed uniform_buffer() to buffer()
* removed len(), is_empty(), capacity(), push(), reserve(), clear(), values()
* added set(), get()

#### DynamicUniformVec -> DynamicUniformBuffer

* renamed uniform_buffer() to buffer()
* removed capacity(), reserve()

### [Make paused timers update just_finished on tick](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4445)

`Timer::times_finished has` been renamed to `Timer::times_finished_this_tick` for clarity.

### [Change default Image FilterMode to Linear](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4465)

```rs
// 0.7

//TODO

// 0.8

// TODO
```

### [Remove .system()](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4499)

You can no longer use `.system()`. It was deprecated in 0.7.0. You can just remove the method call.

If you needed this for tests purposes, you can use `bevy_ecs::system::assert_is_system` instead.

### [Change gamepad.rs tuples to normal structs](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4519)

> The `Gamepad`, `GamepadButton`, `GamepadAxis`, `GamepadEvent` and `GamepadEventRaw` types are now normal structs instead of tuple structs and have a new() function. To migrate change every instantiation to use the `new()` function instead and use the appropriate field names instead of .0 and .1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Gamepad`, `GamepadButton`, `GamepadAxis`, `GamepadEvent` and `GamepadEventRaw` types are now normal structs instead of tuple structs and have a new() function.
To migrate change every instantiation to use the `new()` function instead and use the appropriate field names instead of .0 and .1.
```

### [Remove EntityMut::get_unchecked](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4547)

Replace calls to `EntityMut::get_unchecked` with calls to `EntityMut::get`.

### [Replace ReadOnlyFetch with ReadOnlyWorldQuery](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4626)

> The trait ReadOnlyFetch has been replaced with ReadOnlyWorldQuery along with the WorldQueryGats::ReadOnlyFetch assoc type which has been replaced with <WorldQuery::ReadOnly as WorldQueryGats>::Fetch

Reviewer: Code blocks.

* Any custom world query impls should implement `ReadOnlyWorldQuery` insead of `ReadOnlyFetch`

Functions `update_component_access` and `update_archetype_component_access` have been moved from the `FetchState` trait to `WorldQuery`

* Any callers should now call `Q::update_component_access(state` instead of `state.update_component_access` (and `update_archetype_component_access` respectively)
* Any custom world query impls should move the functions from the `FetchState` impl to `WorldQuery` impl

`WorldQuery` has been made an `unsafe trait`, `FetchState` has been made a safe `trait`. (I think this is how it should have always been, but regardless this is _definitely_ necessary now that the two functions have been moved to `WorldQuery`)

* If you have a custom `FetchState` impl make it a normal `impl` instead of `unsafe impl`
* If you have a custom `WorldQuery` impl make it an `unsafe impl`, if your code was sound before it is going to still be sound

### [Fix unsoundness with Or/AnyOf/Option component access'](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4659)

<!-- TODO make this a bit friendlier -->

> If you are now getting query conflicts from `Or`/`AnyOf`/`Option` rip to you and ur welcome for it now being caught.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query conflicts from `Or`/`AnyOf`/`Option` have been made fixed, and made stricter to avoid UB.
If you have new query conflicts due to this you must refactor your systems; consider using `ParamSet`.
```

Author: Did you mean `have been fixed`? Also, I think I'd prefer not using acronyms for UB since this could be read by beginners.

### [Remove task_pool parameter from par_for_each(_mut)](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4705)

The `task_pool` parameter for `Query(State)::par_for_each(_mut)` has been removed. Remove these parameters from all calls to these functions.

Before:

```rust
fn parallel_system(
   task_pool: Res<ComputeTaskPool>,
   query: Query<&MyComponent>,
) {
   query.par_for_each(&task_pool, 32, |comp| {
        ...
   });
}
```

After:

```rust
fn parallel_system(query: Query<&MyComponent>) {
   query.par_for_each(32, |comp| {
        ...
   });
}
```

> If using `Query(State)` outside of a system run by the scheduler, you may need to manually configure and initialize a `ComputeTaskPool` as a resource in the `World`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using `Query` or `QueryState` outside of a system run by the scheduler, you may need to manually configure and initialize a `ComputeTaskPool` as a resource in the `World`.
```

### [Fail to compile on 16-bit platforms](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4736)

> `bevy_ecs` will now explicitly fail to compile on 16-bit platforms. If this is required, there is currently no alternative. Please file an issue (<https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/issues>) to help detail your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bevy_ecs` will now explicitly fail to compile on 16-bit platforms, as the behavior was undefined.

There is currently no alternative, but we're open to adding support.
Please file an issue (<https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/issues>) to help detail your use case.
```

```rust
commands
    .spawn_bundle(Camera3dBundle::default())
    .insert(UiCameraConfig {
        show_ui: false,
        ..default()
    })
```

### [Enforce type safe usage of Handle::get](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4794)

`Assets::<T>::get` and `Assets::<T>::get_mut` now require that the passed handles are `Handle<T>`, improving the type safety of handles. If you were previously passing in:

* a `HandleId`, use `&Handle::weak(id)` instead, to create a weak handle. You may have been able to store a type safe `Handle` instead.
* a `HandleUntyped`, use `&handle_untyped.typed_weak()` to create a weak handle of the specified type. This is most likely to be the useful when using [load_folder](https://docs.rs/bevy_asset/latest/bevy_asset/struct.AssetServer.html#method.load_folder)
* a `Handle<U>` of  of a different type, consider whether this is the correct handle type to store. If it is (i.e. the same handle id is used for multiple different Asset types) use `Handle::weak(handle.id)` to cast to a different type.

> ### [Allow higher order systems](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4833)

Reviewer: Ping @DJMcNab. I can't see any breaking behavior in a cursory pass.

Reviewer 3: It was *technically* a breaking change, since it changes the public API of `SystemParamFunction`.
I was expecting pushback against it being treated as 'not a breaking change', so I marked it as such to be correct.

Maybe a note that `SystemParamFunction` has been changed, in order to allow composing systems? I still think that there have been no external users, so we can probably just remove this section.

It has been removed.

### [Add reflection for resources](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5175)

Rename `ReflectComponent::add_component` into `ReflectComponent::insert_component`.

### [Make reflect_partial_eq return more accurate results](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5210)

Updated [struct_trait](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/struct_trait.rs#L455-L457), [tuple_struct](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/tuple_struct.rs#L366-L368), [tuple](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/tuple.rs#L386), [array](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/array.rs#L335-L337), [list](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/list.rs#L309-L311) and [map](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/map.rs#L361-L363) to return `None` when comparison couldn't be performed.

> 
> ### [Rename CameraUi](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5234)
> 
> Rename CameraUi to UiCameraConfig

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

### [Move Rect to bevy_ui and rename it to UiRect](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4276)

The `Rect` type has been renamed to `UiRect`.

### [Rename ElementState to ButtonState](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4314)

The `ElementState` type has been renamed to `ButtonState`.

### [Improve docs and naming for RawWindowHandle functionality](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4335)

Renamed `HasRawWindowHandleWrapper` to `ThreadLockedRawWindowHandleWrapper`.

### [Migrate to encase from crevice](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4339)

#### StorageBuffer

* removed `set_body()`, `values()`, `values_mut()`, `clear()`, `push()`, `append()`
* added `set()`, `get()`, `get_mut()`

#### UniformVec -> UniformBuffer

* renamed `uniform_buffer()` to `buffer()`
* removed `len()`, `is_empty()`, `capacity()`, `push()`, `reserve()`, `clear()`, `values()`
* added `set()`, `get()`

#### DynamicUniformVec -> DynamicUniformBuffer

* renamed `uniform_buffer()` to `buffer()`
* removed `capacity()`, `reserve()`

### [Make paused timers update just_finished on tick](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4445)

> `Timer::times_finished has` been renamed to `Timer::times_finished_this_tick` for clarity.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`Timer::times_finished` has been renamed to `Timer::times_finished_this_tick` for clarity.
```

### [Change default Image FilterMode to Linear](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4465)

```rs
// 0.7

//TODO

// 0.8

// TODO
```

### [Remove .system()](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4499)

You can no longer use `.system()`. It was deprecated in 0.7.0. You can just remove the method call.

If you needed this for tests purposes, you can use `bevy_ecs::system::assert_is_system` instead.

### [Change gamepad.rs tuples to normal structs](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4519)

> The `Gamepad`, `GamepadButton`, `GamepadAxis`, `GamepadEvent` and `GamepadEventRaw` types are now normal structs instead of tuple structs and have a new() function.

Reviewer 3: I don't like the phrase "normal struct". However, there doesn't appear to be an actually given name for them.
The reference [uses](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ch05-01-defining-structs.html#using-tuple-structs-without-named-fields-to-create-different-types) the term "regular struct", which isn't much better.

Author: I guess we can just remove "normal" and just say structs

Reviewer: structs with named fields?

### [Fix unsoundness with Or/AnyOf/Option component access'](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4659)

Query conflicts from `Or`/`AnyOf`/`Option` have been fixed, and made stricter to avoid undefined behaviour.
If you have new query conflicts due to this you must refactor your systems; consider using `ParamSet`.

### [Remove task_pool parameter from par_for_each(_mut)](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4705)

The `task_pool` parameter for `Query(State)::par_for_each(_mut)` has been removed. Remove these parameters from all calls to these functions.

Before:

```rust
fn parallel_system(
   task_pool: Res<ComputeTaskPool>,
   query: Query<&MyComponent>,
) {
   query.par_for_each(&task_pool, 32, |comp| {
        ...
   });
}
```

After:

```rust
fn parallel_system(query: Query<&MyComponent>) {
   query.par_for_each(32, |comp| {
        ...
   });
}
```

If using `Query` or `QueryState` outside of a system run by the scheduler, you may need to manually configure and initialize a `ComputeTaskPool` as a resource in the `World`.

### [Fail to compile on 16-bit platforms](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4736)

> `bevy_ecs` will now explicitly fail to compile on 16-bit platforms, as the behavior was undefined.

Reviewer 3: I don't think there was any unconditional UB - only unsoundness?

Author: @alice-i-cecile that was your suggestion to change this. Do you have a preference for this? Otherwise I can just reuse the original test from the PR that didn't mention UB.
```suggestion
`bevy_ecs` will now explicitly fail to compile on 16-bit platforms, , due to an inability to write sound unsafe code for these platforms.
```

Reviewer: Yeah, I'm fine to accept that suggestion.

There is currently no alternative, but we're open to adding support.
Please file an issue (<https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/issues>) to help detail your use case.

### [Enforce type safe usage of Handle::get](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4794)

`Assets::<T>::get` and `Assets::<T>::get_mut` now require that the passed handles are `Handle<T>`, improving the type safety of handles. If you were previously passing in:

* a `HandleId`, use `&Handle::weak(id)` instead, to create a weak handle. You may have been able to store a type safe `Handle` instead.
* a `HandleUntyped`, use `&handle_untyped.typed_weak()` to create a weak handle of the specified type. This is most likely to be the useful when using [load_folder](https://docs.rs/bevy_asset/latest/bevy_asset/struct.AssetServer.html#method.load_folder)
* a `Handle<U>` of  of a different type, consider whether this is the correct handle type to store. If it is (i.e. the same handle id is used for multiple different Asset types) use `Handle::weak(handle.id)` to cast to a different type.

### [Allow higher order systems](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4833)

> <!-- TODO marked as breaking change, but need to figure out what actually is breaking -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`SystemParamFunction` has changed. It was not previously part of the public API, so no migration instructions are provided. (It is now included in the public API, although you still should not implement this trait for your own types).

If possible, any custom `System` implementations should be migrated to use higher order systems, which are significantly less error-prone.

Research is needed into allowing this to work for more cases.
```

### [Make reflect_partial_eq return more accurate results](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5210)

Updated [struct_trait](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/struct_trait.rs#L455-L457), [tuple_struct](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/tuple_struct.rs#L366-L368), [tuple](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/tuple.rs#L386), [array](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/array.rs#L335-L337), [list](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/list.rs#L309-L311) and [map](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/map.rs#L361-L363) to return `None` when comparison couldn't be performed.

### [Make RenderStage::Extract run on the render world](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4402)

The `Extract` `RenderStage` now runs on the render world (instead of the main world as before).

> You must use the `Extract` `SystemParam` to access the main world during the extract phase. `Extract` takes a single type parameter, which is any system parameter (such as `Res`, `Query` etc.). It will extract this from the main world, and returns the result of this extraction when `value` is called on it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You must use the `Extract` `SystemParam` to access the main world during the extract phase. `Extract` takes a single type parameter, which is any system parameter (such as `Res`, `Query` etc.).
It will extract this from the main world.
Note that `Commands` will not work correctly in `Extract` - it will currently silently do nothing.
```

```rust
// 0.7
fn extract_clouds(mut commands: Commands, clouds: Query<Entity, With<Cloud>>) {
    for cloud in clouds.iter() {
        commands.get_or_spawn(cloud).insert(Cloud);
    }
}

// 0.8
fn extract_clouds(mut commands: Commands, mut clouds: Extract<Query<Entity, With<Cloud>>>) {

>     for cloud in clouds.value().iter() {

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    for cloud in clouds.iter() {
```

`bevy::input::system::exit_on_esc_system` has been removed. Use `bevy::window::close_on_esc` instead.

`CloseWindow` has been removed. Use `Window::close` instead.
The Close variant has been added to `WindowCommand`. Handle this by closing the relevant window.

### [Make RunOnce a non-manual System impl](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/3922)

The run criterion `RunOnce`, which would make the controlled systems run only once, has been replaced with a new run criterion function ShouldRun::once. Replace all instances of RunOnce with `ShouldRun::once`.

### [Move system_param fetch struct into anonymous scope to avoid name collisions](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4100)

For code that was using a system param's fetch struct, such as EventReader's EventReaderState, the fetch struct can now be identified via the SystemParam trait associated type Fetch, e.g. for `EventReader<T>` it can be identified as `<EventReader<'static, 'static, T> as SystemParam>::Fetch`

### [Task doesn't impl Component](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4113)

If you need a `Task` to be a `Component` you should use a wrapper type.

```rs
// 0.7
fn system(mut commands: Commands) {

>     let task = thread_pool.spawn(async move {

Reviewer 4: For completeness' sake, do we want to show where `thread_pool` might come from in this example?

Author: Yes, you're right, I completely forgot to do that

        // Complicated async work
        Vec2::ZERO
    });
    commands.spawn().insert(task);
}

// 0.8
#[derive(Component)]
struct ComputeVec2(Task<Vec2>);

fn system(mut commands: Commands) {

>     let task = thread_pool.spawn(async move {

Reviewer 4: Same here as well?

#### UniformVec -> UniformBuffer

* renamed `uniform_buffer()` to `buffer()`
* removed `len()`, `is_empty()`, `capacity()`, `push()`, `reserve()`, `clear()`, `values()`
* added `set()`, `get()`

#### DynamicUniformVec -> DynamicUniformBuffer

* renamed `uniform_buffer()` to `buffer()`
* removed `capacity()`, `reserve()`

### [Make paused timers update just_finished on tick](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4445)

`Timer::times_finished` has been renamed to `Timer::times_finished_this_tick` for clarity.

### [Change default Image FilterMode to Linear](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4465)

Default `Image` filtering changed from `Nearest` to `Linear`.

```rs
// 0.7

// Nothing, nearest was the default

// 0.8
App::new()
    .insert_resource(ImageSettings::default_nearest())
```

### [Remove .system()](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4499)

You can no longer use `.system()`. It was deprecated in 0.7.0. You can just remove the method call.

If you needed this for tests purposes, you can use `bevy_ecs::system::assert_is_system` instead.

### [Change gamepad.rs tuples to normal structs](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4519)

> The `Gamepad`, `GamepadButton`, `GamepadAxis`, `GamepadEvent` and `GamepadEventRaw` types are now normal structs instead of tuple structs and have a new() function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Gamepad`, `GamepadButton`, `GamepadAxis`, `GamepadEvent` and `GamepadEventRaw` types are now normal structs instead of tuple structs and have a `new` function.
```

})
```

UI no longer requires a dedicated camera. `UiCameraBundle` has been removed. `Camera2dBundle` and `Camera3dBundle` now both default to rendering UI as part of their own render graphs. To disable UI rendering for a camera, disable it using the CameraUi component:

```rust
commands
    .spawn_bundle(Camera3dBundle::default())
    .insert(UiCameraConfig {
        show_ui: false,
        ..default()
    })
```

```rust
// 0.7
camera.world_to_screen(transform, world_position);
// 0.8
camera.world_to_viewport(transform, world_position);
```

### [Visibilty Inheritance, universal ComputedVisibility and RenderLayers support](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5310)

If you were previously reading `Visibility::is_visible` as the "actual visibility" for sprites or lights, use `ComputedVisibilty::is_visible()` instead:

```rust
// before (0.7)
fn system(query: Query<&Visibility>) {
  for visibility in query.iter() {
    if visibility.is_visible {
       log!("found visible entity");
    }
  }
}

// after (0.8)
fn system(query: Query<&ComputedVisibility>) {
  for visibility in query.iter() {
    if visibility.is_visible() {
       log!("found visible entity");
    }
  }
}
```

> ### [SpatialBundle](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5344)
> 
> If you previously needed a `TransformBundle` and a `VisibilityBundle` you should now use a `SpatialBundle`.
> 
> If you were defining your own bundle with `Transform` and `Visibility` components, make sure they now have a `ComputedVisiblity` component.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
### [Visibility Inheritance](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5310)

`Visibility` is now propagated into children in a similar way to `Transform`. Root elements of a hierarchy must now contain [`Visibility`] and [`ComputedVisiblity`] for visibility propagation to work.

[`SpatialBundle`] and [`VisibilityBundle`] have been added for convenience.

[`Visibility`]: https://docs.rs/bevy/0.8.0/bevy/render/view/struct.Visibility.html
[`ComputedVisiblity`]: https://docs.rs/bevy/0.8.0/bevy/render/view/struct.ComputedVisibility.html
[`SpatialBundle`]: https://docs.rs/bevy/0.8.0/bevy/prelude/struct.SpatialBundle.html
[`VisibilityBundle`]: https://docs.rs/bevy/0.8.0/bevy/prelude/struct.VisibilityBundle.html
```

Reviewer 5: Haha, oops.

    ..Default::default()
});
```

The scene will be spawned as a child of the entity with the `SceneBundle`

### [Make ScalingMode more flexible](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/3253)

Adds ability to specify scaling factor for `WindowSize`, size of the fixed axis for `FixedVertical` and `FixedHorizontal` and a new `ScalingMode` that is a mix of `FixedVertical` and `FixedHorizontal`

### [Allow closing windows at runtime](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/3575)

`bevy::input::system::exit_on_esc_system` has been removed. Use `bevy::window::close_on_esc` instead.

`CloseWindow` has been removed. Use `Window::close` instead.
The Close variant has been added to `WindowCommand`. Handle this by closing the relevant window.

### [Make RunOnce a non-manual System impl](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/3922)

The run criterion `RunOnce`, which would make the controlled systems run only once, has been replaced with a new run criterion function ShouldRun::once. Replace all instances of RunOnce with `ShouldRun::once`.

### [Move system_param fetch struct into anonymous scope to avoid name collisions](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4100)

> For code that was using a system param's fetch struct, such as EventReader's EventReaderState, the fetch struct can now be identified via the SystemParam trait associated type Fetch, e.g. for `EventReader<T>` it can be identified as `<EventReader<'static, 'static, T>` as SystemParam>::Fetch

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
For code that was using a system param's fetch struct, such as EventReader's EventReaderState, the fetch struct can now be identified via the SystemParam trait associated type Fetch, e.g. for `EventReader<T>` it can be identified as `<EventReader<'static, 'static, T> as SystemParam>::Fetch`
```

```

### [Split mesh shader files](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4867)

* In shaders for 3D meshes:
  * `#import bevy_pbr::mesh_view_bind_group` -> `#import bevy_pbr::mesh_view_bindings`
  * `#import bevy_pbr::mesh_struct` -> `#import bevy_pbr::mesh_types`
    * NOTE: If you are using the mesh bind group at bind group index 2, you can remove those binding statements in your shader and just use `#import bevy_pbr::mesh_bindings` which itself imports the mesh types needed for the bindings.
* In shaders for 2D meshes:
  * `#import bevy_sprite::mesh2d_view_bind_group` -> `#import bevy_sprite::mesh2d_view_bindings`
  * `#import bevy_sprite::mesh2d_struct` -> `#import bevy_sprite::mesh2d_types`
    * NOTE: If you are using the mesh2d bind group at bind group index 2, you can remove those binding statements in your shader and just use `#import bevy_sprite::mesh2d_bindings` which itself imports the mesh2d types needed for the bindings.

### [Camera Driven Viewports](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4898)

`Camera::projection_matrix` is no longer a public field. Use the new `Camera::projection_matrix()` method instead:

```rust

// 0.7

> let projection = camera.projection_matrix;

Reviewer 5: ~~~suggestion
```rust
// 0.7
let projection = camera.projection_matrix;
~~~

* Any previous use of `Box<dyn SystemLabel>` should be replaced with `SystemLabelId`.
* `AsSystemLabel` trait has been modified.
  * No more output generics.
  * Method `as_system_label` now returns `SystemLabelId`, removing an unnecessary level of indirection.
* If you _need_ a label that is determined at runtime, you can use `Box::leak`. Not recommended.

### [Move get_short_name utility method from bevy_reflect into bevy_utils](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5174)

* added bevy_utils::get_short_name, which strips the path from a type name for convenient display.
* removed the TypeRegistry::get_short_name method. Use the function in bevy_utils instead.

### [Remove dead SystemLabelMarker struct](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5190)

This struct had no internal use, docs, or intuitable external use.

It has been removed.

### [Add reflection for resources](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5175)

Rename `ReflectComponent::add_component` into `ReflectComponent::insert_component`.

### [Make reflect_partial_eq return more accurate results](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5210)

> Updated [struct_trait](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/struct_trait.rs#L455-L457), [tuple_struct](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/tuple_struct.rs#L366-L368), [tuple](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/tuple.rs#L386), [array](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/array.rs#L335-L337), [list](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/list.rs#L309-L311) and [map](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/map.rs#L361-L363) to return `None` when comparison couldn't be performed.

Reviewer 7: Previously all reflect `***_partial_eq` helper methods returned `Some(false)` even when the comparison could not be performed, which was misleading. Now those helper methods will return `None` if the comparison could not be performance, while still returning either `Some(true)` or `Some(false)` based on the equality comparison.

Author: How about this:
```markdown
Previously, all reflect `***_partial_eq` helper methods returned `Some(false)` when the comparison could not be performed, which was misleading. They now return `None` when the comparison cannot be performed.
```

Reviewer 5: That seems like a huge improvement and the English is perfect. Thanks!

Author: If you like it, could you make a code suggestion with the changes. That way you will be credited as a co-author.

Reviewer 7: You deserve to be the co-author, this summary is way cooler 😄. I'm glad to had whenever I can

```

```rust
// old 2d orthographic camera
commands.spawn_bundle(OrthographicCameraBundle::new_2d())

// new 2d orthographic camera
commands.spawn_bundle(Camera2dBundle::default())
```

```rust
// old 3d orthographic camera
commands.spawn_bundle(OrthographicCameraBundle::new_3d())

// new 3d orthographic camera
commands.spawn_bundle(Camera3dBundle {
    projection: OrthographicProjection {
        scale: 3.0,
        scaling_mode: ScalingMode::FixedVertical,
        ..default()
    }.into(),
    ..default()
})
```

UI no longer requires a dedicated camera. `UiCameraBundle` has been removed. `Camera2dBundle` and `Camera3dBundle` now both default to rendering UI as part of their own render graphs. To disable UI rendering for a camera, disable it using the CameraUi component:

```rust
commands
    .spawn_bundle(Camera3dBundle::default())
    .insert(UiCameraConfig {
        show_ui: false,
        ..default()
    })
```

```rust
// 0.7
camera.world_to_screen(transform, world_position);
// 0.8
camera.world_to_viewport(transform, world_position);
```

### [Visibilty Inheritance, universal ComputedVisibility and RenderLayers support](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5310)

> `Visibility` is now propagated into children in a similar way to `Transform`. Root elements of a hierarchy must now contain [`Visibility`] and [`ComputedVisiblity`] for visibility propagation to work.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
[`Visibility`] is now propagated into children in a similar way to `Transform`. Root elements of a hierarchy must now contain [`Visibility`] and [`ComputedVisiblity`] for visibility propagation to work.
```

[`SpatialBundle`] and [`VisibilityBundle`] have been added for convenience.

> If you were previously reading `Visibility::is_visible` as the "actual visibility" for sprites or lights, use `ComputedVisibilty::is_visible()` instead:

Reviewer 5: ~~~suggestion
[`SpatialBundle`] and [`VisibilityBundle`] have been added for convenience.

```rust
// 0.7
commands
    .spawn_bundle(TransformBundle::default())
    .with_children(/* ... */)

// 0.8
commands
    .spawn_bundle(SpatialBundle::default())
    .with_children(/* ... */)
```

If you were previously reading `Visibility::is_visible` as the "actual visibility" for sprites or lights, use `ComputedVisibilty::is_visible()` instead:
~~~

I'm sort of on the fence about this, so feel free to disagree/veto. The current version is just missing the simple " `TransformBundle` users can just use `SpatialBundle` now " that some users might like to see. A sentence saying something similar would take up less space.

Author: Since it's already pretty long I'll go with the short sentence

```rust
// before (0.7)
fn system(query: Query<&Visibility>) {
  for visibility in query.iter() {
    if visibility.is_visible {

>        log!("found visible entity");

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
       info!("found visible entity");
```

    }
  }
}

// after (0.8)
fn system(query: Query<&ComputedVisibility>) {
  for visibility in query.iter() {
    if visibility.is_visible() {

>        log!("found visible entity");

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
       info!("found visible entity");
```

For code that was using a system param's fetch struct, such as EventReader's EventReaderState, the fetch struct can now be identified via the SystemParam trait associated type Fetch, e.g. for `EventReader<T>` it can be identified as `<EventReader<'static, 'static, T> as SystemParam>::Fetch`

### [Task doesn't impl Component](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4113)

If you need a `Task` to be a `Component` you should use a wrapper type.

```rs
// 0.7
fn system(mut commands: Commands) {
    let task = thread_pool.spawn(async move {
        let start_time = Instant::now();
        while Instant::now() - start_time < Duration::from_secs_f32(5.0) {
            // Spinning for 'duration', simulating doing hard
        }
        Vec2::ZERO
    });
    commands.spawn().insert(task);
}

// 0.8
#[derive(Component)]
struct ComputeVec2(Task<Vec2>);

fn system(mut commands: Commands) {
    let task = thread_pool.spawn(async move {
        let start_time = Instant::now();
        while Instant::now() - start_time < Duration::from_secs_f32(5.0) {
            // Spinning for 'duration', simulating doing hard
        }
        Vec2::ZERO
    });

>     commands.spawn().insert(ComputeVec2(task))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
    commands.spawn().insert(ComputeVec2(task));
```

### [Change gamepad.rs tuples to normal structs](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4519)

The `Gamepad`, `GamepadButton`, `GamepadAxis`, `GamepadEvent` and `GamepadEventRaw` types are now normal structs instead of tuple structs and have a `new` function.
To migrate change every instantiation to use the `new()` function instead and use the appropriate field names instead of .0 and .1.

### [Remove EntityMut::get_unchecked](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4547)

Replace calls to `EntityMut::get_unchecked` with calls to `EntityMut::get`.

### [Replace ReadOnlyFetch with ReadOnlyWorldQuery](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4626)

The trait `ReadOnlyFetch` has been replaced with `ReadOnlyWorldQuery` along with the `WorldQueryGats::ReadOnlyFetch` assoc type which has been replaced with `<WorldQuery::ReadOnly as WorldQueryGats>::Fetch`

The trait `ReadOnlyFetch` has been replaced with `ReadOnlyWorldQuery` along with the `WorldQueryGats::ReadOnlyFetch` assoc type which has been replaced with `<WorldQuery::ReadOnly as WorldQueryGats>::Fetch`

* Any where clauses such as `QueryFetch<Q>: ReadOnlyFetch` should be replaced with `Q: ReadOnlyWorldQuery`.

> * Any custom world query impls should implement `ReadOnlyWorldQuery` insead of `ReadOnlyFetch`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* Any custom world query impls should implement `ReadOnlyWorldQuery` instead of `ReadOnlyFetch`
```

`WorldQuery` has been made an `unsafe trait`, `FetchState` has been made a safe `trait`. (I think this is how it should have always been, but regardless this is _definitely_ necessary now that the two functions have been moved to `WorldQuery`)

* If you have a custom `FetchState` impl make it a normal `impl` instead of `unsafe impl`
* If you have a custom `WorldQuery` impl make it an `unsafe impl`, if your code was sound before it is going to still be sound

### [Fix unsoundness with Or/AnyOf/Option component access'](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4659)

Query conflicts from `Or`/`AnyOf`/`Option` have been fixed, and made stricter to avoid undefined behaviour.
If you have new query conflicts due to this you must refactor your systems; consider using `ParamSet`.

### [Remove task_pool parameter from par_for_each(_mut)](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4705)

The `task_pool` parameter for `Query(State)::par_for_each(_mut)` has been removed. Remove these parameters from all calls to these functions.

Before:

```rust
fn parallel_system(
   task_pool: Res<ComputeTaskPool>,
   query: Query<&MyComponent>,
) {
   query.par_for_each(&task_pool, 32, |comp| {

>         ...

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
        // ...
```

   });
}
```

After:

```rust
fn parallel_system(query: Query<&MyComponent>) {
   query.par_for_each(32, |comp| {

>         ...

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
        // ...
```

   });
}
```

If using `Query` or `QueryState` outside of a system run by the scheduler, you may need to manually configure and initialize a `ComputeTaskPool` as a resource in the `World`.

### [Fail to compile on 16-bit platforms](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4736)

> `bevy_ecs` will now explicitly fail to compile on 16-bit platforms, , due to an inability to write sound unsafe code for these platforms.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
`bevy_ecs` will now explicitly fail to compile on 16-bit platforms, due to an inability to write sound unsafe code for these platforms.
```

It will extract this from the main world.
Note that `Commands` will not work correctly in `Extract` - it will currently silently do nothing.

```rust
// 0.7
fn extract_clouds(mut commands: Commands, clouds: Query<Entity, With<Cloud>>) {
    for cloud in clouds.iter() {
        commands.get_or_spawn(cloud).insert(Cloud);
    }
}

// 0.8
fn extract_clouds(mut commands: Commands, mut clouds: Extract<Query<Entity, With<Cloud>>>) {
    for cloud in clouds.iter() {
        commands.get_or_spawn(cloud).insert(Cloud);
    }
}
```

You can now also access resources from the render world using the normal system parameters during `Extract`:

```rust
fn extract_assets(mut render_assets: ResMut<MyAssets>, source_assets: Extract<Res<MyAssets>>) {
     *render_assets = source_assets.clone();
}
```

Please note that all existing extract systems need to be updated to match this new style; even if they currently compile they will not run as expected. A warning will be emitted on a best-effort basis if this is not met.

### [Improve Gamepad DPad Button Detection](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5220)

D-pad inputs can no longer be accessed as axes.

> Acess them as gamepad buttons instead.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Access them as gamepad buttons instead.
```

* `WindowCommand::SetWindowMode.resolution` from `(u32, u32)` to `UVec2`
* `WindowCommand::SetResolution.logical_resolution` from `(f32, f32)` to `Vec2`

### [Full documentation for bevy_asset](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/3536)

* Rename `FileAssetIo::get_root_path` uses to `FileAssetIo::get_base_path`

    `FileAssetIo::root_path()` is a getter for the `root_path` field, while `FileAssetIo::get_root_path` returned the parent directory of the asset root path, which was the executable's directory unless `CARGO_MANIFEST_DIR` was set. This change solves the ambiguity between the two methods.

### [Hierarchy commandization](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4197)

The `Parent` and `Children` component fields are now private.

* Replace `parent.0` by `parent.get()`
* Replace `children.0` with `*children`
* You can't construct `Children` or `Parent` component anymore, you can use this as a stopgap measure, which may introduce a single frame delay

```rust
#[derive(Component)]
pub struct MakeChildOf(pub Entity);

fn add_parent(
    mut commands: Commands,
    orphans: Query<(Entity, &MakeChildOf)>,
) {
    for (child, MakeChildOf(parent)) in &orphans {

>         commands.entity(parent).add_child(child);

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
        commands.entity(*parent).add_child(child);
```

}
```

### [Split time functionality into bevy_time](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4187)

* Time related types (e.g. `Time`, `Timer`, `Stopwatch`, `FixedTimestep`, etc.) should be imported from `bevy::time::*` rather than `bevy::core::*`.
* If you were adding `CorePlugin` manually, you'll also want to add `TimePlugin` from `bevy::time`.
* The `bevy::core::CorePlugin::Time` system label is replaced with `bevy::time::TimeSystem`.

### [Move float_ord from bevy_core to bevy_utils](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4189)

Replace imports of `bevy::core::FloatOrd` with `bevy::utils::FloatOrd`.

### [Move Rect to bevy_ui and rename it to UiRect](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4276)

The `Rect` type has been renamed to `UiRect`.

### [Rename ElementState to ButtonState](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4314)

The `ElementState` type has been renamed to `ButtonState`.

### [Improve docs and naming for RawWindowHandle functionality](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4335)

Renamed `HasRawWindowHandleWrapper` to `ThreadLockedRawWindowHandleWrapper`.

### [Migrate to encase from crevice](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/4339)

> 

Reviewer 8: #### AsStd140, AsStd430 -> ShaderType
* Replaced as_std140(), as_std430() with
```
let byte_buffer = [0u8; YourDataType::SIZE.get() as usize];
let mut buffer = encase::UniformBuffer::new(byte_buffer);
buffer.write(&value).unwrap();```

```rust
#[derive(Component)]
pub struct MakeChildOf(pub Entity);

fn add_parent(
    mut commands: Commands,
    orphans: Query<(Entity, &MakeChildOf)>,
) {
    for (child, MakeChildOf(parent)) in &orphans {
        commands.entity(*parent).add_child(child);
        commands.entity(child).remove::<MakeChildOf>();
    }
}
```

### [Remove blanket Serialize + Deserialize requirement for Reflect on generic types](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5197)

`.register_type` for generic types like `Option<T>`, `Vec<T>`, `HashMap<K, V>` will no longer insert `ReflectSerialize` and `ReflectDeserialize` type data. Instead you need to register it separately for concrete generic types like so:

```rust
    .register_type::<Option<String>>()
    .register_type_data::<Option<String>, ReflectSerialize>()
    .register_type_data::<Option<String>, ReflectDeserialize>()
```

### [Lighter no default features](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5447)

`bevy_asset` and `bevy_scene` are no longer enabled when `no-default-features` is used with the `bevy` dependency.

> * Crates that use bevy with `no-default-features` will need to add these features manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Crates that use Bevy with `no-default-features` will need to add these features manually if they rely on them.
```

<!-- Dear God, I hope not. -->

If you experienced any problems caused by this change, please [create an issue](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/issues) explaining _in detail_ what you were doing with those apis.

### [Add global init and get accessors for all newtyped TaskPools](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/2250)

Thread pools don't need to be stored in a resource anymore since they are now stored globally. You can now use `get()` to access it.

```rust
// 0.7
fn spawn_tasks(mut commands: Commands, thread_pool: Res<AsyncComputeTaskPool>) {
    // Do something with thread_pool
}

// 0.8
fn spawn_tasks(mut commands: Commands) {
    let thread_pool = AsyncComputeTaskPool::get();
    // Do something with thread_pool

> }

Author: Nope, I copy pasted the example using it from the PR and forgot to remove it 😅 Good catch!

Rename `ReflectComponent::add_component` into `ReflectComponent::insert_component`.

### [Make reflect_partial_eq return more accurate results](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5210)

Updated [struct_trait](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/struct_trait.rs#L455-L457), [tuple_struct](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/tuple_struct.rs#L366-L368), [tuple](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/tuple.rs#L386), [array](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/array.rs#L335-L337), [list](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/list.rs#L309-L311) and [map](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/dfe969005264fff54060f9fb148639f80f9cfb29/crates/bevy_reflect/src/map.rs#L361-L363) to return `None` when comparison couldn't be performed.

### [Rename CameraUi](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/5234)

> Rename CameraUi to UiCameraConfig

Reviewer 2: #5234 was to make clear that 0.8 `UiCameraConfig` **is not** the same as the 0.7 `CameraUi`, so that users migrating do not get confused. This reintroduces this confusion. The PR should simply not be mentioned in the migration guide.

Author: Ah, right, I misunderstood this a bit, makes sense. Can you make a suggestion with those changes? That way github will list you as a co-author.

Reviewer 2: sure thing, see https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy-website/pull/389/files#r922360048

Reviewer: Remember to fix missing code formatting :)
